feat: notify via slack when users will be releasing shortly (#81)
ExpediaGroup/github-helpers: README.md

    * Merging a PR will update the positions of all PRs in the queue.
    * Adding the `JUMP THE QUEUE` label to a PR will make that PR first in the queue immediately.
    * When a PR is merged, it automatically updates the first-queued PR with the default branch.

>  * You can also pass `login` and `slack_webhook_url` to notify the PR owner when they are in the 1st or 2nd position of the merge queue and will be releasing shortly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * You can also pass `login` and `slack_webhook_url` to notify the PR author when they are in the 1st position of the merge queue.
```

Author: Updated, thank you!
